subs
enwansix
Jack!
At your ready, Miss Beatrix.
I call upon the witches' den
to let what's been expired
rise again.
Congratulations!
You've completed your final exam.
You'll be celebrated
as a full witch
this weekend at the ball.
Congratulations, Bebe.
I'm so happy for you.
Jasmine.
Grayson.
Your final exam, if you will.
For my final exam,
I've chosen to create um...
Chatter root.
A plant which give animals
the ability to speak.
Um, excuse me...
Miss Toola, I never knew
you that could buy
your final exam from
a potion store.
Jasmine.
Well, I'm just saying.
He's bragging about
making his own telephone.
That will be enough, Jasmine.
Yes, well, chatter root is
typically used as a phone-like
tool amongst witches and warlocks.
I've created my own strand.
With this chatter root,
the animal should be able to
speak for itself.
That is, if it works.
By the light of the moon,
nurture it when weak,
uh, grant this creature
the power to speak.
Well, Mister Lemur.
Is there anything
you'd like to say?
Hello, everyone!
Oh.
Which one of you is Sara?
Um, me.
Grayson sits up every night
pretending he's on dates with you.
Um...
Um, Miss Toola...
how do I shut this thing off?
H-he wants your wedding
to be on a beach.
Shh!
Help me.
Sara, wait!
He was... just kidding.
But I really wasn't!
♪ Grayson and Sara
sitting in a tree ♪
♪ k-i-s-s-i-n-g ♪
Beatrix...
A moment please.
Uh...
- did I do something wrong?
- No!
Oh, no, not at all, I...
just wanted to take
a moment to tell you
how proud I am.
I know how hard it can be
for someone who wasn't born
full witch to succeed.
Thank you, Miss Toola.
I had a great teacher.
Well, I also wanted
to give you this.
But I thought it was
tradition not to get this
until the ceremony.
Well, yes, that's true,
but it's also tradition that
the valedictorian
get theirs in advance
to serve as inspiration
for writing their speech.
Valedictorian?
Yes, you've earned it.
But, I cannot stress enough
how important it is
that you only use it
for inspiration.
The valedictorian ball is
as old as our magic
and must be treated as such.
Of course.
I won't let anything
happen to it.
Miss Toola...
I believe it's custom
that the valedictorian
of the Witches' Ball
be a royal.
Unfortunately, that's a sad myth
spread by pure families.
The witch with the highest grade
has always been chosen
regardless of bloodline.
Miss Toola,
my dad said to me this morning
that if I didn't pass today
that I shouldn't come home.
So could you please pass me?
Because if not, I'd be
a homeless person.
And you have to pass by me
every morning.
And have to give me
change because
you feel so bad
for making me homeless.
So can you please pass me
so you won't have to feel bad?
Okay, Jack, we will go
and talk to your father.
You will not be homeless.
My mother said they were
giving the valedictorian ball
away to a charity case
this year.
What did your mother say to you?
She isn't a witch, is she?
Although she tries to be.
Just.
Like.
Us.
For the last eight years,
I've had to listen to you
say mean things to me, Jasmine.
The name-calling.
Making fun of my mother
for being human.
But I've decided I'm not
gonna fight with anymore.
'Cause I know this
could say more
than any words
I could come up with.
Just confess your love to her.
Free your heart.
I would give anything
for a shut up spell.
He loves you, Sara.
See, Yazzy, this is why
her kind
shouldn't be allowed
to have nice things.
Come, Yazzy.
The brooms, the wands,
the potions,
and the glamour.
In the next few days,
the place you see behind me
will be transformed
into this year's Witches' Ball.
And taking on the
almost impossible task
of organizing the ball
this year is Brooke.
So, let me ask you, Brooke.
Are you at all worried
that the last four people
to organize the ball
had a nervous breakdown?
Uh...
I'm sorry, they...
they what?
And there you have it.
"I'm sorry,
"they what?"
Back to you, Kent.
Sweetie, you gotta try this.
Uh, Trigg, could you buy
chatter root like I asked.
I have a million calls to make.
Sure thing.
I'll do it as soon as
I'm done this round.
Call Oren.
Hello, Brooke, sweetheart.
What am I speaking through?
I have a sudden urge
to chase a cat.
It's my dog.
Oh, wonderful.
You are speaking through
my guinea pig, Jasper.
Uh, sorry to hear about
your broom.
Could we send you a new one?
There's three days.
So that would get you
here on time.
A new one?
My dear, I've had this broom
since I've had most things.
What about trunk travel?
I know it's slower
than a broom, but...
Ooh, yes. I rather like
trunks, actually.
Trunk is booked.
Just show up to the
terminal at 8:00 tomorrow
and we'll get you
to us on time.
Splendid!
Tell my goddaughter I can't
wait to see her
on her big day.
Oh, and on yours too, my dear.
Okay, Oren, love you.
This is incredible.
I get to battle ogres
like an actual warlock.
You are an actual warlock
who battles ogres, dear.
Yeah, I know.
But this way,
it is completely safe.
Oh, I got Oren booked
on a trunk for tomorrow.
It will be close, but he
should make it on time.
Relax!
The ball is weeks away.
The ball's in three days.
I put my hand inside the toilet.
Can someone tell me
who toilet man is?
Ah, this is my cousin, Yuri.
He's gonna stay with us
until the ball.
Eh, I put my hand
inside the toilet.
It's the only English he knows.
Super.
Oh, hey...
I was hoping
to work on our song.
Mom, we've rehearsed it
a million times.
We know it.
Stop.
Did you think
we wouldn't know?
What?
Your last class,
how did it go?
Oh, right, uh,
it went well.
I passed.
That's my girl!
You brought the rose
back to life?
I did.
My little wand
is all grown up.
Mom, you promised to go
a week without crying.
I know, I know, it's just...
We're both going to become
witches at the same time.
I'll be in my room.
I put my hand...
Inside the toilet.
We all put our hands
inside the toilet.
♪ I eat way too much cheese ♪
♪ Pe-de-de-pew ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't run
in my wheel ♪
♪ Pa-de-de-pew ♪
♪ My left's arm
a-kinda tingly ♪
♪ And is this my last meal? ♪
♪ I choose the rat life ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause I saw the what? ♪
♪ Pe-de-pepe
pede-pe-pew ♪
♪ Pe-de-pe
That's me, a count ♪
♪ Pe-pe-de-pe ♪
oh, there's nobody here.
Muggs...
We have a serious problem.
Wait, w-w-what?
Are we out of cheese?
Whoa, wait, wait, is the world
out of cheese? I mean,
on a scale from one to ten,
how cheese-related
is this problem?
Look.
Whoa!
I know.
Uh, I mean, sorry.
That wasn't like a "whoa!"
It was more like a "whoa."
I should've said.
Uh, like, you know, I got
no idea what I'm lookin' at.
Miss Toola named me
valedictorian.
And she gave me
this to bring to the ball.
Hey! Valedictorian!
Look at you!
Well, uh...
That's the
smart thing, right?
Oh, um, judging by your
expression here, um...
not time to celebrate.
This is serious.
I have to get this
fixed by this weekend.
All right, all right, all right.
Uh, so open one of your,
you know,
wavy wand books and
just put it back together.
Its' not gonna be that easy.
It's enchanted.
It's way beyond me.
Bea, I made you some lunch.
Try to think of something.
I'll be back in a bit.
Sure thing. I mean, y-you
said it was beyond you.
But, I'm sure non-magic rat
can fix it.
Oh, man. I smell garlic.
I love garlic.
- Here you are, Miss.
- Oh, thank you.
So, tomorrow I'm picking up
your cousins from the airport.
But your grandma
will be here first thing.
Ugh, pfff, I hate dresses.
It's tradition.
According to the handbook,
the gown should reflect
the witch's inner self.
Did you take all the night
classes to convert into a witch?
Yeah, did you read
all the books?
Why, yes, actually, I did.
How come this
is the first time
we're hearing about this,
young lady?
One night, Bea.
364 days a year
I'll support whatever
wardrobe you choose.
I just need this one.
Trigg, can you have
a look at the toilet?
It's making that noise again.
Toilet.
And that's why
I make the big bucks.
And see this here, Bea?
This is why I love your father.
Oh.
Oh, man, ew.
Okay. You done?
So, uh...
Look, I don't want you guys
to freak out or anything.
But...
And again, I wanna stress
the no-freaking-out part.
After class,
Miss Toola named me
valedictorian.
Oh!
So, yeah.
You know, this is what
freaking out looks like.
Mwah.
Are you kidding me?
This is incredible.
You should be so proud.
Let's see it.
See what?
The ball.
They still give it to the
valedictorian beforehand, right?
Um...
Miss Toola said
they don't do that anymore.
Oh.
Makes sense.
I mean, after that kid
destroyed it that one time.
What kid?
I don't know.
Some guy went valedictorian,
and he broke the ball
before it even started.
Uh, they had to cancel
the whole thing.
Oh, can you imagine?
Ugh, I don't even want to think
what I'd do if this
all got canceled.
But what happened?
Did they get it fixed?
I don't know,
it was after my time.
Your aunt would know.
Ophelia?
Yeah.
It was someone in her year.
Well, I gotta go.
I'm gonna
go get Muggs.
Next.
Can I help you?
Most certainly.
I require safe passage
through your trunks
to get to the port.
And if I might request
a particularly large trunk.
Uh, you see, this leg
falls asleep
ever since I wrestled a yeti.
You look like the sort of fellow
who'd enjoy this story.
- I was in Tibet...
- Sir, I'm sure it's a super story,
but I have a lot of work
to do. Name?
Right. Of course.
Um, Oren of the Crested Circle.
Or maybe under Oren
of the Troll Guild?
Funny story, I once
accidentally married a troll.
A truly ugly woman.
At least, I think
she was a woman.
A-ahem.
Right.
No time for stories.
It was under Crested Circle.
Unfortunately, with the ball,
there's a pretty long wait.
Uh, you'll be in trunk...
3B.
Another funny story?
Well, a very quick one.
You, see, 3B...
was the name
of my pregnant ostrich.
Three because of
the number of toes.
And B because his name
was originally Franklin.
Now here's where it gets
really crazy.
You see, I say that the
ostrich was pregnant
but in fact, I think he had
ingested a great ball of yarn.
One double latte,
half foam, double cupped
for Blake with
the sensitive hands.
How did you know my name?
Oh, I guess you told me.
Hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Is that Bea, Beatrix,
class valedictorian in my shop?
I hate that you know everything.
Haha, what can I say,
I'm gifted.
Hey, what do you say, Muggs?
I say, Bea and I
will take two of your
finest cheeses. And I'll take
mine in here.
And I'll also have
hers in here.
Ah.
Blue cheese.
She knows me.
If... you'll marry me,
I promise not to eat
our offspring.
Oh, so good.
Okay, now, I'm sensing
my queen Bea
wants a chai tea
triple sugar?
Ophelia
knows all
and sees all.
I did not see this.
Dad said this happened
to a kid during your year.
It did.
Great. So, you can tell me
how he got it fixed?
Well, it didn't.
Oh, I'm so dead.
Oh, hey. Hey, hey, hey.
Let's not burn ourselves
at the stake just yet, okay?
Okay. Now, the ball
itself is enchanted
so my magic won't fix it.
But let's see if Jax
has any ideas.
Hey!
Hey, Jax, wake up.
What? What do you want?
I'm sleeping!
Whoa, a talking pumpkin!
How crazy is that?
Beatrix here had
a little accident
with her crystal ball, okay?
So, is there any way
we can get it fixed?
That's the trouble with kids,
always breaking things.
W-hey, Jack,
some answers here, please?
Fine, fine.
Uh, two marshmallows, a lollipop,
and a pinch of blue floss.
The girl will need
three witches.
One to fix each
of the three parts.
One, old and wise.
Another, kind beyond measure.
And the last, pure of love.
How would I find these witches?
I wouldn't even know
where to look.
Once you've solved
the riddle given,
the location of the next witch
will become clear on the map.
I got a better idea.
How 'bout you just tell us
and save some time?
Once the riddle is solved
and the witch seen,
you will be able to
move on to the next.
Now, if you'll kindly excuse me,
I'd like to return to my slumber
unbothered for quite some time.
I don't know, Bea.
That sounds kind of dangerous.
I don't care.
I can do this.
I just need to get this
fixed before the ball.
But you have to promise not to
say anything to Mom and Dad.
Ugh, Bea, this is kind of big, okay?
Have you thought about
just telling them?
I can't.
Mom's too focused on
making this ball perfect.
I'll break her heart.
I just need to fix this.
Hmm.
Please, let me do this.
You'll need some supplies, okay?
You're the best.
Hey, but be careful in those woods.
I know them.
Okay, take this with you,
open it, and read it
when you get there, okay?
In darkest night,
- please help my...
- Hey, Bea.
When you get there.
Not now.
What's this for?
Demons?
Ah, it's cheese
for the little furball.
Marry me.
Right here. Right now.
According to the map,
this is it.
How do you tell
where to go on this?
How come mysterious journeys
never start at the mall?
I mean, it's always got to be
some haunted forest.
Well...
I guess now is as good
a time as any to open this.
I'm just sayin' how much
better would it be goin'
on a journey with a
soft pretzel in the hand?
Ooh! Or maybe we can
get some frozen yogurt.
Bea...
can you get me some
frozen yogurt?
In darkest night,
please help my plight.
Show the way
with glowing light.
Fireflies.
Oh, man. Not fireflies.
What do you got against fireflies?
Are you kidding me?!
I mean, rats and fireflies
have been at war with each
other for centuries!
They seem to want
to help us right now.
My grandpa gave me
two pieces of advice.
Never trust anyone
who's butt glows.
And if you're ever
on a magic journey
to fix a cracked crystal ball,
never, never trust a firefly.
You sure that's what he said?
Yeah, more or less.
Hey, just so you fireflies know,
I got my eye on you.
Don't think about
leading us into an ambush.
Pretty sure they're not.
Hey, Bea, um, do you think
this is gonna work?
It has to.
Everyone's counting on me.
Mom, Miss Toola.
I can't let them down.
Besides, I'm not
letting Jasmine win.
I don't get it, I mean...
if she's the one who
knocked it out of your hand,
why not just tell on her?
Let her take the fall.
No one got remembered
by blaming others.
So that's what this is?
You wanna be remembered.
I take a lot of junk for
only being born half-witch.
I wanna show them that
people like me can do
anything they can do.
Not better, not with excuses.
Just show them that
we're meant to be here too.
Maybe change it for the kids
just starting out born half.
Does that sound stupid?
Not at all. I mean,
that sounds pretty cool.
Hey, Bea, you know
you always got me, right?
You got me too, pal.
Well, where are they going?
Oh, I told you!
Lousy glowing-butt traitors.
It didn't work.
There's nothing here.
What's the map say?
It says, "To become wise,
you must ask the question."
I want to become wise...
I'm... asking the question.
Hmm.
Well, maybe they're
in the bathroom.
Give it a second.
Listen for the flush.
This is crazy.
How are we supposed
to find the Wisdom Witch?
The way you just did.
Who said that?
I did, Beatrix!
The Wisdom Witch.
But how'd you know my name?
I hear all magic.
And there is no magic
more powerful than the
first time a mother
says her child's name.
I asked a question.
That's what the riddle meant.
So, you're the Wisdom Witch?
Among other names, yes,
that's one they've given me.
Then what's your deal, huh?
Uh, you know everything?
Anyone who says
they know everything
proves just how
little they know.
Great. First fireflies.
Now this guy's breaking my brain!
Um, sir, I came here because
I need your help.
Your crystal ball.
You'd like me to help you fix it.
Yes, that's exactly it.
Can you?
I could but...
the real question
you need to decide is if
you want me to fix it.
What?
Two paths:
let's call them Hide or Seek.
Hide fixes part of the crystal...
continuing on your journey...
possibly correcting
the mistake you've made...
sparing any pain to you
or those around you.
That sounds good, right?
Let's do that.
On the other hand,
Seek forces you
to face the situation...
learn from your mistake
and grow as a witch.
Which one is right?
Which side of the coin
is the right side?
Easy. Tails.
W-w-w-w-wait... heads!
I don't like math.
They are just sides.
Neither of them
is right or wrong.
And I can choose
whichever side I want?
Of course.
The journey is yours!
If it's all right with you, sir,
I think I'm gonna
choose to fix the ball.
Well, then, please place
the pieces here in front of me.
I hope I've been
some help to you.
And I wish you well
on your adventure.
Thank you very much.
I really hope
I made the right choice.
Whatever choice you made
was always going to be the right one.
I better get going. Thanks again.
You are most welcome.
Hey, Wis... uh...
Between you and me, um,
how do you feel about the uh,
you know, those fireflies?
I never trust anything
with a glowing butt.
Huahh! You hear that?
You heard that, right Bea?
Right?
Bea?
Aah!
Oh, how good is this morning, Beatrix?
Mwah!
Mmm, as good as any other, Grandma?
What day is it?
Dress day?
- Dress day!
I'm still in my PJ's.
That's not what I meant, Grandma.
Oh, man. Sucks to be
you today, huh, Bea?
Nice try, Muggs.
What?!
234 Westchester.
Oh! My stars!
Look at you!
It's... it's...
- perfect!
- Perfect!
I can't believe that you're
finally going to be
a full-blown witch!
I'm so proud of you.
Thank you, Mom. I couldn't have
converted without all your help.
As if you were my own.
Now...
What are we going to do about
this one?
Oh, I have a few ideas.
♪ And if you can't have
these feelings ♪
♪ Then you better spin off
the ceiling, yeah ♪
♪ Just take a chance,
come on and dance ♪
♪ Come on and join the party ♪
♪ It's time to pick out
your favorite dress ♪
♪ You're gonna have
the time of your life ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Put me under a spell ♪
♪ It's gonna be a magical night ♪
♪ Whoa oh-oh ♪
♪ You know you're wearing it well ♪
♪ It's gonna be a magical night ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ You put me under a spell ♪
♪ It's gonna be a magical night ♪
♪ Whoa oh-oh ♪
♪ You know you're wearing it well ♪
♪ It's gonna be a magical night ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
That's it! You two pick.
I don't care anymore.
I think this calls for a cup of
Grandma's calming tea!
Oh, what a great idea.
Bea, we'll be right back.
I promise
the perfect gown is here.
Muggs, let's get out of here.
I think you should try on
a few more outfits.
I mean, this place has the best
snacks! I mean, it's really...
Look, Yazzy, it's my 'before' picture.
You kidding me now.
Why are you even
looking at dresses?
I mean, after all, you dropped
your crystal ball, remember?
I didn't drop anything
and you know it.
Sure, you did. You saw her,
didn't you, Yazzy?
When Beatrix clumsily
dropped her ball?
Right, Yazzy?
Okay, want a cup of cheer-up tea?
Oh, hello!
Who's this, then?
Friends of yours?
Hello. Jasmine.
Bebe and I go to the same school.
I take it, you're her sisters?
You have no idea
how many people
make that same mistake.
But no.
I'm her grandmother
and this is her mother.
The mother, the mother!
I've heard so much.
Every witch is talking about you.
I'd just like to say
what an inspiration you are.
Oh, my. Really?
Are you kidding? Born a human
and converted to witchcraft?
So inspirational.
And if that weren't enough, you're
organizing the whole Witches' Ball.
Uh, so jelly.
You hear that, Bea?
I'm jelly.
And can I please be the first to say,
welcome to the family.
Well, thank you.
That is so kind of you to say.
My mother's the head of the
Cauldron Club.
I just know
she'd love to meet you.
Mom, shouldn't we get going?
We've got a lot to do.
Soon, sweetie, soon.
Jasmine...
you say your mother's
the head of the Cauldron Club?
- Mom.
- Right.
Right. Sorry. She's right.
We have a lot to do.
We've still got to rehearse our song.
Can never be too prepared, right?
Oh, I'm sure
it's gonna be incredible.
Say, what song
are you two singing?
Sorry, Jasmine,
we're not telling anyone.
Come on, Bea,
we're all friends, right?
- We're doing...
- Don't!
"The Wand Inside My Hand."
Oh, I love that song.
Unbelievable.
Anyway, I won't keep you
from your busy day.
I just came by to pick up
the dresses for my charity.
Each year, I pick up and deliver
the dresses to witches
who are less fortunate.
Well, isn't that sweet of you.
Just doing my part.
Oh, no!
Bebe, you already
picked your dress, right?
No. Actually, I haven't.
I'm sorry.
I was only trying to do
my best for those needy witches.
If you want, I could take one
back from them for you.
No. You know what, Jasmine...
This dress is fine.
I love this dress.
- Bea, wait...
- Oh, dear!
Poor thing.
Must be the pressure.
Are you kidding me?
What am I even
trying to fix this thing for?
Just so Mom can get all
buddy-buddy with Jasmine's family?
How can she not
see through that?
She was just
trying to humiliate me.
It's not that bad!
I mean, I actually kind of
like the ruffles.
But come on.
We can fix this. I mean, everybody
likes a good comeback story.
Come on, let's get this over with.
Hello again.
Afternoon, sir.
You know, you might just be
the busiest fellow I've ever met.
Funny story...
I once knew a young fellow
just like yourself.
And he broke his leg from
running around so much.
Oh, wait. No, that's not a
funny story.
Sir, if you'll excuse me,
we actually lost a little time earlier.
Oh, ho-ho-ho! Sneaky, sneaky!
I see what you're doing.
What? What am I doing?
It's extraordinary
how hesitant people are
to ask for a warlock's help.
There's really no need.
You have only to ask.
A quick charm, and I'll have
everything here in fast forward.
Please don't!
That's not what I was doing.
I call to the skies
to whistle and scurry
Fast forward in time
along in a hurry.
Ooh, look at it go.
Isn't it wonderful?
Oh.
Well, that's odd, isn't it?
I-I mean the spell
should've worked.
Uh, unless of course...
the trunks were somehow...
Enchanted?
Yes.
Oh... I see.
Well, then.
I have mucked things up a bit,
haven't I?
Yah.
I can't believe
my mom bought that.
I mean, seriously.
"My mom's the head
of the Cauldron Club."
And I assume we aren't
talking about the dress either.
We are definitely not.
Hey, Bea...
if you cast a spell that'd
make my arms longer...
I'd give you a hug.
Looks like this is the start.
"Always be kind."
What kind of riddle is that?
Oh, maybe it's one of those uh,
read-it-backwards thingies.
"Dink eb swalwin", wait...
Did that do anything?
This thing should come
with an instruction manual.
I can't think with that
heat bug just humming.
Cicada.
That's it.
What's it?
A cicada hums whenever
there's magic around.
I thought they hum
because of the heat.
No, that's something
witches used to tell humans
in the old days
to keep us hidden.
There you are.
So now what?
The spell book says
if I eat the cicada,
I'll be able to hone in
on anything magical around.
I'll be able to find
the Kindness Witch easily.
Eeyuck! Chew it quick!
C-cause if it starts to make
that noise in your mouth,
I'm gonna yarf.
I think I have a better idea.
I wish the hold to be
as light as a feather.
Please bind this creature
to my tether.
There you go.
You're all right.
Don't play with your food, Bea.
I mean, just get it
over with already.
I'm not gonna eat it, Muggs.
I put it on a leash spell
like I used to use on my dog.
That way, we'll listen to the hum.
The louder the hum gets,
the closer we are to magic.
Hey! Look at that!
You're making a bug compass.
You know what?
We'll call it compbug.
Oh, no, wait, better yet,
a bug with a...com-compass!
- A compass-bug.
- Come on, this way.
That thing is going crazy!
Okay. I think this is it.
Go on, little fellow.
Release, yes.
Now what?
Uh... no idea.
I was hoping that'd be enough.
Well, the bug was
going crazy here.
Hey, tree!
Fix her busted ball!
Muggs, I doubt that she's gonna...
Whoa!
See? All those times you said,
"Muggs,
"don't yell at the trees."
But screaming at the trees...
Look! Found the Fish Witch.
She's not a fish.
She's a mermaid.
Hello, Kindness Witch.
My name is Beatrix.
And I have a problem
that I was hoping
you could help me with.
I accidentally broke this.
And I was told you may be
able to mend part of it?
Oh, no.
Right? I mean, if she doesn't
want to help us, just say so.
For a Kindness Witch...
that was very rude.
It's not her fault.
She doesn't speak English.
I'm sorry, we can't play right now.
Um...
Eye.
Need.
You.
To.
Fix.
This.
Uh, I'm not sure slower
and louder's the uh, key here, Bea.
Um, you kind of look like
someone who uh,
falls on their head
a lot.
This is hopeless. Come on.
We'll have to find another way.
Hold on.
I speak a little fish.
Let me give it a try.
Uh-oh. I think I said a bad word.
What are they talking about?
Wow! You fixed it.
But I don't understand.
Why did you help me?
I didn't perform
any acts of kindness.
But I didn't eat the cicada.
And I used the leash spell.
That was the act of kindness.
Thank you so much
for helping me.
Muggs, I can't believe it.
We're actually gonna do this.
And there's only one piece left.
But where will you find
a Witch of Pure Love?
I mean, even I know
those are rare.
That's the best part.
My godfather, Oren is the original
Witch of Pure Love.
He's the only one not in the map
'cause he hasn't arrived yet.
Once he gets here,
he'll fix the last piece
and then I'm home free.
Perfect.
You think he could
fix your dress, too?
I don't think anyone's that good.
Come on, I wanna be home
before he gets there.
I wonder how close he is.
Not that we don't appreciate
your helping us, sir.
It's just that
I think it'd be a little safer
with you staying in here
while we get the trunks fixed.
Well, I don't understand.
I feel perfectly safe already.
I meant we'd feel safer
with you in here.
Oh, yes.
Now I completely understand.
Here's some chatter root
for you to call your loved ones.
Oh... funny story about love...
Did you know
that I invented love potions
one through eight?
Oh. I must have told him
that one already.
There, Jasper, my little friend.
What a good little
guinea pig you are.
Now, Daddy needs to make a call.
So I wonder if you could have
a little bit of chat-chatter root.
There we are.
And can you call my
goddaughter's home, please?
Hello?
Is anybody there?
Hopefully, somebody can hear me.
I, uh, I'm afraid I've fallen
into a bit of a sticky wicket.
Um, something has caused
the trunks to stop.
What it is exactly, I-I don't know.
Um, but this means...
that I may not be there
in time for the ball.
If someone's there,
could you say something
so I know that you've
received the message?
I put my hand inside the toilet.
Did you tell them
that you could fix it?
I don't think they're interested.
This is terrible.
Trigg, could you have someone
from the wand to pull some strings?
Doing the best I can here.
Yes, hello! Help yourself
to whatever you like.
Come on, buddy,
eat the chatter root.
A really late call.
- Ah, yes, yes.
- Ah, Trigg, is that you?
Yes, sir. Sorry to bug you
at home, but uh...
it seems Oren got himself
into a bit of a situation again.
Ah, let me find my keys.
I'll meet you down at the station.
Okay, I'll see you there.
Thank you.
Okay. I'm gonna head to work.
See what I can do.
- Good luck.
- Hi, sweetie. Bye, sweetie.
- What's going on?
- Oh, hey, there you are.
Uh, we were trying to call you.
I just had some running around
to do before the ball tomorrow.
What's up?
Oren's got himself locked up
at the trunk terminal.
But he'll be here though, right?
Before tomorrow?
We're doing everything we can.
We'll make something work.
If Dad got to Oren by 2:00 today,
he'd still have enough time
to make it here
before the ball, right?
Your dad's doing everything he can.
I know how much it means
to you for Oren to be here.
So, what if we...
Bea, the ball is tonight.
I need to focus on other things too.
I still have a million
of errands to run.
Gabby's picking up more
relatives from the trunk station.
And I still need to see your
Aunt Ophelia to pick up the cake.
I can get the cake.
Really? Would you?
Of course. I'm happy to help.
Oh, that would be a huge help.
Bea, can you help
with the centerpieces?
Perfect.
Oh, before you go,
look what I got.
What is it?
It's for your valedictorian ball.
I ordered it as soon as I found out.
I got one for mine, too.
I was thinking, we could put them
on the mantle next to your dad's?
It's a good idea.
Do you like it?
I know I went a bit overboard.
But I figure, it's only
once in a lifetime
that I get to become a witch
the same day as my only daughter.
It's beautiful.
I'm just so proud of you.
I'm proud of you too, Mom.
Oh, okay, enough of this.
Plenty of time to cry later.
We've got lots to do.
Oh, man. Your mom
got matching platforms made.
Talk about slapping you
in the feelings.
Muggs.
I'm just sayin'.
They look handmade.
I'm telling you, she knew my name,
and she cured my...
Hi, how are you?
- Very well, thanks.
- Good.
Neil, there's your blackberry tea
with a hint of honey, okay?
How did you know my name?
I guess you told me.
Have a nice day.
That's what she said to me.
First off, congrats...
on the first two pieces.
Not easy, and you did it.
Second, I have no idea if
Oren will make it in time...
and third, it can't be me.
I'm a Witch of Bravery.
Okay? I got love for you kid, but...
to find a Witch of Pure Love,
that's a rare find.
Can you at least pretend
not to know what
I'm about to ask
next time I come in?
Would that make you feel better?
No, probably not.
I just... I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
I mean, Oren's the only
Witch of Pure Love that I know.
Yeah, well, relax.
There's still time, right?
Hopefully, he gets there,
he fixes the ball.
You give a great speech.
And everybody has a good time.
What if you asked your dad?
Every witch has a trait.
My dad's an honesty witch.
Grandma's a nurturing witch.
Can't we use Jax
to see into the future?
See if he makes it?
We all know the future
can be changed, right?
Besides, Jax is in
a little bit of a mood.
Huh! I'm not in a mood, madame.
I simply don't understand
why I cannot attend the ball.
Because you are a vegetable.
Oh, I almost forgot...
Ah, the cake. It's in the back.
I'll go grab it.
There's gotta be
another way to fix this.
There is.
What is it?
Why should I tell you?
Because Beatrix makes
a mean pumpkin pie.
And you'd make the meanest one yet.
Well, I never!
You think I'll respond
to these threats?
Both of you stop it.
What is it that you want
I want to go to the ball!
Okay, fine. I'll put you
with the decorations.
Now, please,
tell me the other way.
All right, but I warn you.
This way requires the use of
darker magic.
Oh.
Well, uh...
How much dark
are we talkin' here?
Like, uh, we talkin' murder?
Or just a little jay walking?
You need tears.
Spilled from the one
responsible for the break.
Oh, Jasmine tears.
No problem.
Let's go make her cry.
I don't think I could do that.
Suit yourself.
Enjoy showing everyone
the shattered symbol
of their trust in you.
Well, okay, just for argument's sake,
what would I do with the tears?
Place a tear on the
fractured object...
and the remaining pieces
will be as good as new.
Here we go!
Quick, guard your brain.
Guardia.
Okay, Bea, you are really
gonna like this one.
I put in lots of raisins,
'cause I know you like them.
Wait, why can't I tell
if you like them?
I don't know.
But I do. I love them.
Everything okay, Bea?
Yeah, I just got
a lot on my mind.
I mean, the Ball's tonight,
the broken ball.
Anyway, I better get going.
Okay, well, you tell your mom
I'm gonna close up early
so I can give her a hand, okay?
Will do.
Thanks for the cake,
it looks great.
Uh, a-ahem...
Um, can you bring Jax tonight?
Really? Why?
I sorta promised he could
sit with the other pumpkins.
Oh, yeah, like uh, a
blind date kinda thing.
Oh.
Throw down!
Welcome, everyone, to the
Witches' Ball red carpet  live.
For the past 642 years,
witches and warlocks
have gathered here
to celebrate everything magic.
How's it going inside, Maggie?
Thanks so much, Jann.
It's finally here, the night
we've all been waiting for.
It's the Witches' Ball.
And as you can see,
There's no shortage of
A-list witches this year.
I'm here with Anya,
the Nature Witch.
Come here... Can I ask who
you're wearing tonight?
This is my pet snake, Brandon.
Hold on tight.
We're gonna squeeze every
ounce of fun out of this party!
Well, there you have it, folks.
The annual Witches' Ball.
Back to you, Jann.
Welcome to the Witches' Ball!
My granddaughter's
the valedictorian!
Oh. Welcome to the Witches' Ball.
My daughter-in-law is converting
to a full witch tonight!
What a coincidence.
Our daughter is, too.
And we're very supportive....
and not at all afraid of
what's going on here.
Oh, my! Yes.
You must be Brooke's parents.
I'm Trigg's mother, Gabby!
Oh!
Look, dear,
straight in for the hug!
And... and I support that.
And... I'm not be at all
afraid of what's going on...
and... oh, my, look,
he's flying!
Oh.
Now, some people
might be afraid of that, but...
not me!
Oh, now, you simply
must come with me.
I have to introduce you
to all your new family!
Oh, this is cousin Yuri.
Yuri, cover the door for me.
Excuse me, do you know
where the toilet is?
Thank you so much
for your help.
Oh, and thank you for the cake.
- And thank you for the...
- Okay, okay...
Breathe, breathe.
This place looks spectacular.
I just really want it to be
perfect for Beatrix.
Yeah, well, you did it.
That's her.
Mother, this is Bebe's mom, Brooke.
She organized this whole ball.
Wow, isn't that something.
Had a lot of help.
All right, I'm gonna go
grab some punch, okay?
My dear, I just simply
love that gown.
Thank you.
Yours is spectacular.
You know, I think that
might be the finest
non-royal witch dress
I've ever seen.
Say, where's Bebe?
Yes, where is that girl
who edged out my Jasmine
from valedictorian?
Actually, uh, I'm not sure.
She should've been here by now.
Oh, I do hope nothing's wrong.
I'm sure she's just
taking a little extra time
to make herself
as beautiful as she can.
Give me one good reason
why I should go tonight.
So you can help guide the
airplanes in for a landing?
I mean, seriously...
between this dress,
the stupid broken ball...
and the fact that
I've never even had time
to write a valedictorian speech...
I don't see a reason
why I should go.
You're gonna go
because you deserve this.
And you're gonna go
and give a great speech
because you've earned it.
And you're gonna go
because I wanna eat
sticky, fancy cheese
and no one else
will sneak me in.
All right.
So, uh, what do we do
if Oren can't make it?
I have no idea.
What about the um...
"other option?"
I don't know.
Dad says once you use dark magic,
it's got its way of taking over.
I don't really know
if I wanna go down that road.
But I don't wanna
let everyone down, either.
Dad's back.
Hey, sweetie.
Is that my baby Beatrix?
You did it. You got Oren.
I sure did.
Hello, sweetheart.
Just need a quick drink of water
and we can head to the ball.
I thought you said you did it.
I did.
I got three days worth
of chatter root from work
so now, Oren can come with us,
and he doesn't have to miss it.
Forget it.
I'm not going.
Honey, I am so sorry.
It's okay.
I know you did your best.
No, I mean...
I mean, I'm sorry I didn't
notice you when I walked in.
Ugh... I know.
You're so beautiful.
Are you kidding me?
Look at this dress.
It's perfect.
It's orange.
No, it's you.
Sure, some people
might see this dress
and think it's orange
or it's different.
But I see a dress...
that's proud of not
looking like
the other dresses
you've seen a million times.
I see a dress that...
despite being made different...
everyone's gonna see it,
and want to be just like it.
In fact...
that dress is the most beautiful
dress that I've ever seen.
Thanks, Dad.
So, what do you wanna do?
I wanna party.
All right!
- What do you think of the sleeves?
- Uh, the sleeves could go.
Wow! Let's hear it
for Spellbound!
All the way from Norway.
Thank you so much!
Whoo!
Well, it looks like
most of us are here now.
I said "us."
It feels so weird to say it.
You're one of us now, Brookie!
Thank you, all of you.
Uh, as you know,
the Witches' Ball has been held
every Halloween for
the past 642 years.
A night where every
witch could celebrate
his or her own life
without worry or fear.
And tonight, we have a very
special night celebrating
witches that have been
around since the beginning.
As well as welcoming the new.
I hope you all enjoy
my big night.
Uh, traditionally, the
night is started off
with the new witch
valedictorian speech,
but as I, uh, I don't
see her anywhere...
I thought we might as well
keep the entertainment going, so...
All the way from Carelles,
oh, no... uh...
is my new cousin Yuri
with a special song
he's written for us.
I-its says, he even
wrote it in English.
Take it away, Yuri!
♪ Ha-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ I put my hand inside the toilet ♪
Oh, embarrassing.
What is this?
You're going to love it.
It's my own recipe.
♪ I put my hand inside the toilet ♪
- Any luck finding Beatrix?
- Not yet.
So, you sure this is
what you want to buy into?
I wouldn't have it
any other way.
I just wanted to tell you,
great job on the party.
Thank you, I'm so glad
you're having a good time.
Say, uh, you cousin there...
- Oh, yeah, sorry.
- Is he single?
I'm fairly certain the answer is yes.
Good evening, Miss Toola.
Evening, Jasmine, Yazzy.
Miss Toola, Yazzy and
I were just talking,
and we wonder
what would happen
if the valedictorian
didn't show up to the ball?
Yazzy was really the one asking.
I, of course, was saying
Bebe will for sure be here.
Well, I guess, technically,
we'd have to go with
the next person in line.
Oh, wow, wouldn't that be something.
Say, who would be next in line?
Technically, you.
My goodness, good thing
I prepared a speech, just in case.
Put it away.
I was only saying
I was prepared.
And I'm only saying
there's no need.
Hey.
Oh, this is my chance to meet Yuri.
Oh, you look incredible.
- Sorry I was late.
- It's okay.
Any luck getting Oren out?
Don't worry about me, dear.
I'm not going to let
a little prison
stop me from enjoying the night.
Well, at least,
he'll get to hear your speech.
Speaking of,
are you ready?
Oh, I was hoping just to take
some time to get settled first.
Is that okay?
Of course, anything goes
at the Witches' Ball.
Come on, I wanna dance with
the second most beautiful witch.
So, you figure out
what to do about the ball?
I'm weighing my options.
This is a seriously swanky joint!
I mean, I feel like
I should always be
wiping my feet when
I'm in a place like this.
I'm so nervous.
At least, no one's looking at me.
Maybe I won't even
have to do my speech.
Hey, everyone.
Sorry to stop the fun-fun...
but I just want to let you all know
that Beatrix has finally arrived.
So she can show everyone
the valedictorian ball,
and give her big speech
which I, for one, have been
dying to hear.
Can I just, uh...
Um, yes, Beatrix is here.
But I think we'd all like
to hear another round
of Yuri's "I Put My Hand
Inside the Toilet?"
What do you all say?
One more time, Yuri's
"I Put My Hand Inside the Toilet!"
♪ I put my hand inside the toilet ♪
Woo-hoo!
That's you and him, Sara!
Thank you, Grayson
for one the
sweetest displays of magic
I've ever seen.
Next up, Jasmine and Portia
have prepared a poem for us.
And after that, my daughter
Beatrix and I will sing a song.
Actually, no poem.
My mother and I
will be doing a song instead.
Oh, well, let's hear it for
Portia and Jasmine's song!
I think I'll take a song
over a poem any day, right Bea?
I'm not so sure, Mom.
♪ From the moment
when I met you ♪
♪ In your eyes, I could tell ♪
Hey...
Isn't this the song
you two were gonna do?
♪ You are the wand ♪
- Honey, wait.
- I'll go.
♪ You're the only thing
I know I understand ♪
♪ You are the wand ♪
♪ Inside my hand ♪
♪ And we never
ever need a plan ♪
Mom.
You okay?
Oh, yes, of course.
Just taking a bit of time
to feel down on myself.
Silly, I know.
It's not silly.
I suppose it's no big deal.
I'll just go up and
explain the misunderstanding.
Maybe I can even get a laugh.
Your father's the funny one.
So that would be nice, at least.
We worked so hard.
It just would've been something
to show everyone what
we can do together.
You and me.
So, let's show them.
Show it to them.
They just did it.
I'm such a fool to
think someone like her
would let me in to
their little club.
Do you trust me?
- Of course, sweetie.
- So then... let's go.
Come on.
I want to sing a song
with my mom.
Oh, thank you.
I'm so glad
you got to hear me.
And now, witches and warlocks,
my mother and I
will be singing our version
of "The Wand Inside My Hand."
Bea, this really isn't necessary.
You sing your parts
the exact same.
Don't worry about what I do.
Um, Bebe, I think
everyone just heard this.
Not like this, they haven't.
I need a beat, Muggs.
Comin' up!
Boom-weke-weke
boom-phtoo-ph-ptsss
Pfft-tika-boom
Boom-boom
♪ You are the wand ♪
♪ Inside my hand ♪
♪ The only thing I know
I understand ♪
♪ You are the wand ♪
♪ Inside my hand ♪
♪ It means we never
ever need a plan ♪
♪ So I ♪
♪ guess since we switched this ♪
♪ Impressing guess
which witches ♪
♪ Making me dismiss
these things on my wish list ♪
♪ Tryin' to figure out what to do ♪
♪ I'll run my magic through
the mic to drop a spell on you ♪
♪ With my mom on my side
and this wand in my hand ♪
♪ Everything's my backup plan ♪
♪ You are the wand
inside my hand ♪
♪ The only thing I know
I understand ♪
♪ You are the wand ♪
♪ Inside my hand ♪
♪ It means we never
ever need a plan ♪
♪ Abracadabra, my rhymes
are my potion ♪
♪ Muggs droppin' beats
causin' locomotion ♪
♪ The family at my back,
I'm strong ♪
♪ Always got me
if I'm right or wrong ♪
♪ 'Cause they lift me up
even if I fall down ♪
♪ Helping me rock my bright
orange gown ♪
♪ Oh, you are the wand ♪
♪ Inside my hand ♪
♪ The only thing I know
I understand ♪
♪ You are the wand ♪
♪ Inside my hand ♪
♪ It means we never
ever need a plan ♪
Yeah!
Hey, Anna, I was wondering
if you wanted to dance...
but I-I already know
that you would say no
because I have
really sweaty hands
I mean, if that's,
you're so pretty
tonight and I-I wouldn't blame you
if you didn't wanna dance
with someone like me
who has really sweaty hands.
I-I'm just gonna go and-
and leave you alone.
Wait...
I'd like to dance.
Yes.
Beatrix, sweetie!
Look dear, it's Beatrix, the sweetie.
Beatrix, you look gorgeous!
Mwah!
Hi, Nanny, Gramps.
Are you guys having fun?
I'm having the best
time of my entire life!
What potion did you give them?
Honestly, it was peppermint tea.
I think they just needed
and excuse to let go.
Look at me, I'm a witch!
Looks like I'll be on
grandparent duty all night.
Old people. They're weird.
Good luck.
Well?
I asked.
She said I would get it
if she didn't show up,
but she did.
Forgive me.
Who is it that told me...
No, correction,
assured me...
that she was going to be
named valedictorian?
I didn't think...
How many of my friends
are here tonight?
A lot.
And do you know how
embarrassing it was
for me to sing that song
that you insisted...
just to have them follow
with the same one?
Yes, but...
Royals make it happen.
Now what?
I'm gonna go see
if she's okay.
Seriously?
She needs someone.
Congratulations.
You caught me. I'm crying.
Perfect time to tell me
what a mess I am.
Perfect time for you
to rub how much better
you are
than me in my face.
You already have it all,
you might as well
take this moment too.
What are you doing?
I'm hugging you, silly.
Why?
'Cause you need it.
Do you have any idea how
hard it is to compete with you?
Are you serious?
Every night, I wish I could
wake up and be you.
I'm sorry I broke your ball.
I was just jelly.
I'm sorry I put that dead fish in
your backpack in the 5th grade.
You did?
Yeah, I put it in your
flower backpack.
I've never had
a flower backpack.
So, what now?
I don't know.
Are we friends?
I'm all right with that
if you are.
So...
are we a hard no on
getting those tears out of her?
What?
It was dark magic
to fix the ball.
I needed tears from
the one who caused it.
It was a dumb idea, anyway.
I'll do it.
What?
It's the least I can do...
after all I've done.
For once an enemy,
but now a friend
Take what you need
to help make amend.
Nothing's happening.
You might need more tears.
Hold on, I'll try again.
That's not the problem.
What is it, then?
It's me.
Miss Toola gave me this ball.
And the first thing I did was gloat
and throw it in you face.
I was blaming you all along,
when all this time...
it was my fault.
Okay, make with the tears.
Come on, let's see 'em.
I'm not gonna fix this.
We came all this way.
I know. Thank you.
Both of you.
But I need to make this right
without magic.
Now that you have passed
all of your many tests...
proving that you are,
in fact, worthy...
I present to you,
this crystal ball.
A symbol of all that we are.
And a constant reminder
of the powers
that you now hold inside you.
Not to be abused...
but celebrated.
Handed down from
those before...
to you.
Please rise.
No longer as Brooke the mortal...
But as Brooke...
the witch!
Whoo! That's my girl!
We love you, Brookie!
Thank you all so much.
I couldn't be happier.
I mean, unless my daughter
was named valedictorian.
Oh, actually, I guess I could, then.
Ladies and gentlemen,
witches and warlocks...
I present to you this year's
class valedictorian,
Miss Beatrix Steinberg!
Thank you.
I didn't really prepare
a speech for today.
Well, because I thought
today would never happen.
Not only because I
always assumed I wasn't
as good as some of
the other witches...
but because I wasn't
born a full witch.
I remember when
I saw my dad fly
for the first time
on his broom.
And I couldn't wait till
I was old enough to do it too.
And then, when I was old enough,
I just couldn't do it.
I'd watch all the other witches
and they had mastered it
after a few tries.
But I just didn't have it in me.
But every time I fell off,
I had so many people
helping me back up.
Not only witches
like my Aunt Ophelia...
or warlocks like my godfather, Oren...
or even powerful men
like my father...
but my mother...
my grandparents.
People that would never be able
to do what I was complaining about.
But trying to help me make it
just to see me happy.
That's when I realized...
Real magic wasn't casting spells
or waving your wand.
It was showing people
that you care.
Because without
that love behind me
I'd just be a kid with a broom.
So, that's why
I hope you could...
all find it in your heart
to forgive me for letting you down.
I tried to get it fixed.
I went to the Wisdom Witch...
I got help from
the Kindness Witch, but...
I checked the map and
there's no Pure Love Witch.
Check it again.
I don't understand.
Why didn't you
show up in here before?
I wasn't a witch then.
I guess it turns out my trait is
Pure Love.
Jasmine, where do you think
you're going?
I'm gonna go hug my friend
because she needs it.
- You will do no such thing, young...
- Hey!
You need to start being
nicer to your daughter.
She's the only one you have.
And you need to start
being nicer to me.
You're absolutely right.
I do. Come on.
Miss Toola.
Miss Tooi-let
Too-la
Toilet.
I can live with Miss Toilet.
Toilet!
Toilet.
Pretty good party, huh?
I think your grandparents
had a good time.
Yes, yes, we all had
a wonderful time!
I'm converting.
Let's get started.
- Give me a wand!
- I'll take two!
I'm super proud of you, you know.
What for?
You're the one that fixed it.
A bunch of years from now,
when I'm old and
thinking about today,
I'm not going to
remember a broken ball.
I'm going to remember
that my daughter...
was brave enough
to stand up in front of everyone
and admit that she made a mistake.
And that's all that's
ever going to matter.
No, no, this way, come, come...
Yowza.
I better go give her a hand.
- You want me to help?
- Nah, I got this. See you at home.
I guess we did it.
Yeah, I guess we did,
didn't we?
You know, I couldn't have
done it without your.
Of course, I know that.
I mean, no one else knows that
because you...
you know, kinda forgot to
include me in your little speech there
but you know... it... it's cool.
I'm sorry Muggs, but I didn't
exactly have time to prepare it.
"And thanks to Muggs."
See, that's easy.
Even through the blubbering.
"They helped me on my broom.
"Oh, and Muggs...
the special-est, the bravest,
the most awesome rat in the world...
who's got a perfectly reasonable
hatred of fireflies!
Uch. Here.
Wait a minute.
Is that stinky cheese?
The stinkiest.
I was going to
give it to you tomorrow...
but I can't take this anymore.
Well, uh...
I take it all back.
Oh, you're the best!
Thank you, Bea.
You're the best ever!
I love you, Bea.
Rise and shine, sir.
We managed to fix the magic
and no one was hurt, so.
I decided that there was no
reason to get the police involved.
Oh, thank you, good sir.
You are most kind.
If ever you need
the services of a warlock,
Please don't-
if for example...
you were to go on
a dragon quest...
That's not necessary. That's
something I'll never be on.
Well, if you do, and
if you need assistance...
please don't hesitate to call.
Okay then.
Ooh.
I have created a bit of
a mess, haven't I?
Here, let me fix it for you.
No, it's no problem.
I'll just put myself back in here.
subs     enwansix